hi everyone its budget bunny here and
today we are going to bales for bunnies
to get more hey because this is all of
the hey we have left in the house and
this will probably last us about two or
three more days so we've contacted Robin
and we're going to head out there today
okay so i'm here with robin who owns
bales for bunnies and we're here picking
up for bales this afternoon from her
place and I just thought that Robin
could tell you a little bit about bales
for bunnies so Robin what would you like
to say about your business okay well um
I am the owner operator of bales for
bunnies and I grow farm-fresh hey I
always keep the most recent cut
available for for everybody I grow
Timothy alfalfa and straw my prices are
on my website and I have bulk prices and
then I also I salen begs bundles and
bales as well so whatever your hey needs
are we can work something out I also
sell apple sticks and I sell them in
various sizes and thicknesses that's
something new and it's a good treat for
your bunny and helps cut down on their
teeth and and a little treat as well and
also Robin where are you located I am
located in a Peterborough but i do do
deliveries and if I get enough people
well do i load the truck up and and do a
run through the GTA and I could also
deliver in Peterborough as well okay I'm
Robin what is your website okay my
website is a WWI your bunnies webs com
you can also search fails for bunnies on
facebook and I've got a page there as
well awesome thank you for taking the
time out of your day to chat with us
Rory and how old is Dale you know 2 2
and a half then she fell paging NC the
Flemish Flemish coming all different
colors and oh yeah I think she's maybe
like half woman half of New Zealand
because her face his Frank is a full
commission in their faces look different
so I'm so used to seeing like Frank's
color for that it's a calm and the
common color but we can actually like
when I which will get Dale in our whole
litter they were all orange shoes feel
you so pretty right Hank and we're
Sophie six years daughter I mean
permit it's not that noticeable though
I've seen others with a lot worse yeah
he's got really bad and we call it time
but like now like he has like one side
like you know he's a go so how old is
Wanda oh she's fun she's so petty she's
almost showing me her face you still
chef Katie brown mud at its finest yes I
did throw the cargo truck that's what
check out this sweet green hey so
excited